pd: add rule group configuration (#3816)
pingcap/docs: configure-placement-rules.md

The key ranges of multiple rules can have overlapping parts, which means that a Region can match multiple rules. In this case, PD decides whether the rules overwrite each other or take effect at the same time according to the attributes of rules. If multiple rules take effect at the same time, PD will generate schedules in sequence according to the stacking order of the rules for rule matching.

> In addition, to meet the requirement that rules from different sources are isolated from each other, more flexible ways are supported to organize the rules. The concept of "Group" is also introduced. Generally, users can place rules in different groups according to different sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, to meet the requirement that rules from different sources are isolated from each other, these rules can be organized in a more flexible way. Therefore, the concept of "Group" is introduced. Generally, users can place rules in different groups according to different sources.
```

The meaning and function of `IsolationLevel` is elaborated in [Cluster topology configuration](/location-awareness.md). For example, if you have deployed `[zone,rack,host]` that defines a three-layer topology with `LocationLabels` and set `IsolationLevel` to `zone`, then PD ensures that all peers of each Region are placed in different zones during the scheduling. If the minimum isolation level restriction on `IsolationLevel` cannot be met (for example, 3 replicas are configured but there are only 2 data zones in total), PD will not try to make up to meet this restriction. The default value of `IsolationLevel` is an empty string, which means that it is disabled.

> ### Rule group fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fields of the rule group
```

> The following table shows the meaning of each field in a rule group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the description of each field in a rule group:
```

| Field name | Type and restriction  | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `ID` | `string` | The group ID that marks the source of the rule. |

> | `Index` | `int` | The stacking sequence of rules in different groups. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Index` | `int` | The stacking sequence of different groups. |
```

> | `Override` | `true`/`false` | Whether to overwrite grooups with smaller index. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Override` | `true`/`false` | Whether to override groups with smaller indexes. |
```

pd-ctl config placement-rules load --group=pd --out=rule.txt
```

The above command saves the rules of a PD Group to the `rules.txt` file.

### Use pd-ctl to configure rule groups

- To view the list of all rule groups:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group show
    ```

- To view the rule group of a specific ID:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group show pd
    ```

- To set the `index` and `override` attributes of the rule group:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group set pd 100 true
    ```

> - To delete the configuration of a rule group: (use the default group configuration if there is any rule in the group)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To delete the configuration of a rule group (use the default group configuration if there is any rule in the group):
```

> The above command saves the rules of a PD Group to the `rules.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command saves the rules of a PD Group to the `rules.txt` file.
```

### Use pd-ctl to configure rule groups

- To view the list of all rule groups:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group show
    ```

- To view the rule group of a specific ID:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group show pd
    ```

> - To set the `index` and `override` of the rule group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To set the `index` and `override` attributes of the rule group:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-group set pd 100 true
    ```

> - To delete the configuration of a rule group: (Use default group configuration if there are rules in the group)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To delete the configuration of a rule group: (use the default group configuration if there is any rule in the group)
```

  "location_labels": ["host"]
}
```

### Scenario 5: Migrate a table to the TiFlash cluster

> Different from scenario 3, this scenario is not to add a new replica on the basis of the original configuration, but to overwrite other configurations of a range of data. So you need to specify a `index` and set `override` to overwrite the original rule by configuring rule groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different from scenario 3, this scenario is not to add new replica(s) on the basis of the existing configuration, but to forcibly override the other configuration of a data range. So you need to specify an `index` value large enough and set `override` to `true` in the rule group configuration to override the existing rule.
```
